title: Welcome to Wasm Weekly
date: 2017-08-04 21:24:57
tags: admin
description: Welcome to Wasm Weekly, your source for all things WebAssembly.
---
Welcome to Wasm Weekly, your source for all things WebAssembly.

What is WebAssembly?
--------------------

<blockquote cite="http://webassembly.org/">WebAssembly (or wasm) is a new portable, size- and load-time-efficient format suitable for compilation to the web.</blockquote>

To read more about WebAssembly, check out the <a href="http://webassembly.org/">webassembly.org</a> site for specs and getting info on started.

What is Wasm Weekly?
--------------------
Wasm Weekly aims to distil all the Wasm news, resources and demos and keep you up to date on all the latest developments.

Subscribe via RSS or sign up to the email digest (weekly in the title is a rough guide, these may be further apart depending on the news schedule 😉).

Wasm Weekly is run by <a href="https://ash.ms/">Ash Kyd</a>, who isn't a core contributor but holds an interest in the tech and wants to see more adoption.

Why though?
-----------
WebAssembly is a powerful, promising technology, and a perfect complement to existing web technologies like workers and progressive web apps. But working with Wasm is comparatively difficult to working with Javascript.

By surfacing wasm projects, providing easily digestible summaries, and putting a friendly face on WebAssembly my hope is that we can ease the transition for folks looking to get started, and drum up some interest from those who otherwise might not have considered it.
