title: PDF authoring in-browser
date: 2017-08-12 23:33:00
tags: demos
description: One of the more practical WebAssembly posts I've read lately is Philipp Spiess and James Swift's take on building PSPDFKit's PDF engine for the web.
---
One of the more practical WebAssembly posts I've read lately is Philipp Spiess and James Swift's take on building PSPDFKit's PDF engine for the web.
 
As well as being a good background read on the history of both wasm and asm.js, the article has a demo of their library as well as some benchmarks of various platforms.

> We recently released PSPDFKit for Web 2017.5, the first version of our web framework that supports standalone rendering, i.e. on the client without a daemon running on a server. To completely avoid a server component that can read the PDF, we worked hard to compile our 500.000 LOC C++ core to WebAssembly and asm.js. It's extremely important for us, that we can reuse the PDF rendering code across all our modern platforms, because PDF rendering is hard to get right. Our shared core gives us the same low level rendering and parsing of PDF documents everywhere and allows us to fully focus on one PDF engine.

This kind of use case is perfect for webAssembly, taking multiple codebases and unifying them on the client side to ultimately save dev time and server resources.

As a side note, I'm really curious about why the Android+Chrome benchmarks are so far behind the other platforms, does anyone have any thoughts as to what might be going on?

Read more on the [PSPDFKit blog](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2017/webassembly-a-new-hope/).
